c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AWS-MYSQL\AWS-MYSQL\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.dll.config
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.pdb
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\2\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.pdb
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.dll.config
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\AWS-MYSQL.pdb
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.dll
C:\Users\adminstrador\Desktop\desenvolvimento\avaliacao\webcrud\AWS-MYSQL\obj\Debug\AWS-MYSQL.pdb
